Worked with Matt to add to Testimonial (#85)
introcompsys/spring2022: resources/testimonials.md

# Advice to future students

> 1. Never commit to main directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Quick Tips

1. Never commit to main directly
```

2. always remember to do you your prepare for next class and more practice in a well named branch such as class-1 or the date.

> 3. work on your porjects/deeper explorations erly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. work on your projects/deeper explorations early if you're working for above an A
```
